This is wonderful and beautiful. And before again, always in the teaching or the practicing,
whatever we do, the virtuous activity or Dharma activity, always in the teaching, say the Masters,
in the teaching too, they read "correct" or "motivation".
And that is so important. Motivation is the everything.
So the "correct" and "motivation" well make the corrections for everything correct and good. So
good motivation will bring good result.
And then also can be negligent motivation, breath and diligence. And bad motivation, well again,
consequently, is bad.
So it's all dependent on the motivation. Therefore, every teaching says correct motivation.
That means we have many motivations, good, bad and little, so variety will be made. But among them
we activated good one, that which is good for us, good for other things.
And that is our practice. That's what we all here talk about, to really learn, to do something
better and good in the bright of our lives.
Now, in the future, and not just for ourselves, we need to combine the body, just like to make that
to everyone, all living beings.
And that is our goal. That is what the great Master Buddha told. And that's what he did in "Gurub
aya Masambhato", in all those great Masters.
So, we try to correct the good one, motivation. Motivation, among all the motivations, we say there
will be three or four motivations this time.
Postable joy and applicateness. It's so important. Joy and applicateness. And that is so many
reasons. You know, I don't have to explain all that.
We have really so many good things, wonderful situations, circumstances, break up that goodness,
goodness.
And of course, we have some weaknesses and difficulty troubles, but since we are going to
practicing of the goodness, miracles, so we activated that, brightening up that, we would call it.
Let it kind of dispel all those something which is not good for us, or which is the obstacle. That
's how we do.
The good motivation is as powerful as medicine. It will fuel all those unnecessary, unhealthy, not
unbenefited, but be cruel, removed.
And that all depends with us. So therefore, the highlight of the good motivation starts with joy
and appreciation.
That is really important. It's simple. It's very pale. Basic things, many times before, oh, that's
the basic.
But this basic is so important. We know the basic, we want to survive. Therefore, this basic is
important.
Rainbow joy, more appreciation, many reasons that joy and appreciation. Second is not that joy and
appreciation is kind of only localized, ourself that promote that second motivation is bodhicaka.
What is always in the teachings is vastness, motivation of the bodhicaka. Why is it called vastness
?
Because there is how many sentient beings, numberless sentient beings or vastness, number of the
sentient beings, we cannot put on a number.
It's vastness. So therefore, our bodhicaka like to reach out all those vastness sentient beings.
For that reason, vastness, motivation of the bodhicaka. All sentient beings to benefit it, to
remove their suffering, difficulty, troubles, now and in the future and then find an enlightenment
goal state.
That is our single wish of the bodhicaka. Like to everyone, we really glorify it and show it their
organ status.
Status. So that's what vastness, motivation of the bodhicaka.
Which is the heart essence of teaching of the great teacher, Buddha Shakta Muni. Where there is
aggressive Buddhist school teachings or Mahayana teaching, Vedayana teaching is all best on this,
this, one foundation, this.
And we don't have that. Our foundation is shaking. Our foundation is not strong enough.
So at least when we do the practice and meditate a good thing, activating that, really we, we
gathered and took and here, exploring the teaching of the Buddha or the teaching of the Buddha and
made that we benefit all demon beings.
Again, as I said yesterday, in a minute time, I said, thinking of a Buddha is not just something
isolated, call it that we're trying to invite.
We'll think carefully what the teaching of the Buddha is, loving kindness, is a companion, joy and
peace, happiness to ourselves, to all, like that is what the teaching of the Buddha.
There's nothing else beside that. And free from the grasp, free from the claims.
Also what the greatest teacher says. That is so sublime, so natural, so beautiful. So beautiful.
There's nothing higher and better than those qualities.
If we have joy and peace, happiness, what else we need more than that?
All joy and peace, happiness. Wow. That's the lala land, good people.
Lala land, what building? Sukhavati. Amitabha's building. Sukhavati. Joy and peace, happiness.
So that means that joy and peace, happiness, Sukhavati, what building, Amitabha is not something
part of strength.
Right here. That is like our own home, home sweet home. We bring up that cause.
Please. There's nothing better than that. Free from the grasp, we cling, we're not restricted, not
kind of close up that.
Opening as sunshine, even more powerful than sunshine. Radiating every direction.
The direction of that, love, joy, peace, happiness. That is so special, so powerful.
And it's very basic, it's natural. It's not something that we have to go and get somewhere.
It's right here, right with us. So that is what the greatest teacher would highlight.
I like it. Bring up that. For that reason, Buddha is openly known as a teacher. That's an unsurpass
able teacher.
The who taught the teaching. Buddha himself said, I'm just teaching, I'm just showing what I
learned.
What I learned. That's what Buddha said. So that's what he showed only now.
We are all the incumbent, all the goodness, all is with us. It's not something that we're lacking.
Lacking is only that we don't put our doing for effort.
Confidence and devotion, appreciation with that God. That is lacking, absence.
Then we're ending with the third motivation is what? Motivation is beauty, understanding, or pure
perceptions, of beauty.
That is very un-teaching. Again, it's not very un-teaching, it's something extraordinary or
something that we break the stage things to ourselves.
According to teaching, reality level, everything is pure. That means everything is enlightened.
The poem is enlightened. Song is enlightened. Mind is enlightened.
We don't see that now, even though it's enlightened. We don't see it.
Why? I say it too many times and you know, the Buddha said, because of the grasping, because of our
clinging, because of our ego clinging.
Belongness, you see, that God is completely surrounded. Ego clinging is kind of darkness. It's just
a surrender everywhere.
It belongs to that. The beauty, the nature, call it as it is.
And therefore, even though we don't see immediately, reality level, nature, everything is beautiful
, beautiful.
So therefore, the pure perception and beauty, understanding, is opening the window of that, toward
that direction.
We don't like to stay in a dark corner all the time. We like to open 360-degree angles of the
purity as it is.
That is religious. It will look like a risk. Don't do that.
We always stay in one corner and look in one direction and just always look into our fingertips,
fingertips.
Then we won't see anything completely blocked.
And our even finger becomes those, like we won't treat some animals. It's all blocks and needles.
That's how looking narrow stays, makes so narrow everything.
So for that reason, those are and so good with that. Then the devotions is so important.
Many of the things, kind of like those scholars, intellectual, all devotions, maybe to religious or
something,
kind of make those stories, make those words and it looks kind of like demolishing the gauntlet and
the beauty and richness and power of the devotions.
Truly it is more about it. But when you have the devotion, you have the richness qualities.
You feel confident. You feel happy. You have settled, not just wondering everything.
Every direction is like blind person. We really begin to settle, feel the richness.
And this time we are connected to what? Devotion to the love, devotion to the compassion, devotion
to the body together.
This is our principles. It's not just a vague, kind of petty story that is unnecessary.
All those great masters, great practitioners who read, become as we always say,
"Oh, great master this, great master that, great master that."
They had unpaid, uncharitable devotions and devoking great courage, commitment, joy, effort.
And then expanding the realization and beauty, all that brings.
And we want to get some understanding, realization in our lives. Those are so important.
And we don't want to get just like that. Then of course there is freedom. We can do whatever we
like.
But we like to change, we like to discover our inner quality as we are talking about those great
masters,
such as Runkinpah, such as great master Mararepa, such as great master Yimunlungpah
or even Buddha Kshatyamuni himself.
Talk, read their life stories. How much they have strong devotions, strong confidence on that, what
they do so.
And then they become, they are great, as they are great beings, but yet so simple,
so humble, drawn to the earth, so practical, so full of common senses, common senses,
so mingling everywhere. They are more common sense, more practical than even we think we are.
They are more calm, more peaceful, more soothing, for very low key. Simple.
That's what these great masters, great masters.
So therefore all those motivations are really important.
And of course you all know, I know, is in a way reminded to each other.
I am reminded to myself, reminded to all us, we should all stand firmly on this ground
and then let explore our inner beauty, inner quality.